Add information for running/building the site (fix #29) (#32)
inclusive-design/wecount.inclusivedesign.ca: README.md

# wecount.inclusivedesign.ca

> The source files for the WeCount site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source files for the We Count website, built with [NuxtJS](https://nuxtjs.org/).
```

> ### How to Run

Reviewer: @TeddTech These should be H2 elements (`##`) to follow the proper heading order. See: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Heading_Elements

Author: Okay fixing will fix right now

> To run the website locally enter the following in command line terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the website in local development mode, enter the following in the command line:
```

```
npm run dev

> ```

Reviewer 2: I've added an issue for Markdown lint in. https://github.com/inclusive-design/wecount.inclusivedesign.ca/issues/33

## How to Build

> To build static webpages enter the following in command line terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a static version of the website, enter the following in the command line: 
```

```
nuxt generate
```

> The static html files will be in the newly formed `dist` directory in the root of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static website's files will be in the newly-created `dist` directory in the root of the project.
```

## How to Deploy

> This repository is hooked to netlify. Updating the master branch will trigger a rebuild and deployement of the project to this temporary [url.](https://peaceful-davinci-07d6a2.netlify.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is connected to [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Updating the master branch will trigger a new build and deployment of the project to this temporary [url](https://wecount.netlify.com/).
```

> This repository is connected to [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Updating the master branch will trigger a new build and deployment of the project to this temporary [url](https://wecount.netlify.com/).

Author: You can only do that with a paid version of netlify

> This repository is connected to [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Updating the master branch will trigger a new build and deployment of the project to this temporary [url](https://wecount.netlify.com/).

Reviewer: @TeddTech, that's not accurate; you can add a custom domain to the free version of Netlify. However, we can't do that yet because the WordPress site is using wecount.inclusivedesign.ca. So, we'd need to:

1. Change the WordPress site URL to something like https://cms.wecount.inclusivedesign.ca.
2. Change the API configuration in this site to point to the new WordPress URL.
3. Configure the DNS so that Netlify can serve this site at wecount.inclusivedesign.ca.

Also, the Netlify deploy is currently deploying your fork, @TeddTech, not the master branch. That needs to be changed before the site is made live.
